---

title: XSCALE partnership with BAI
date: 2018-01-27 00:59 UTC
tags: BAI XSCALE Alliance Partnership MOU Interop Interoperation Business Agility

---
Business Agility Institute and XSCALE Alliance have signed a __Memorandum of Understanding__ for interoperation of the two organizations:

> Business Agility Institute ("BAI") and XSCALE Alliance ("XA") enjoy strong thematic alignment. __BAI__ is an advocacy, membership and research organization that promotes the structure, mindset, and behaviour of an agile organisation. __XA__ is a Linux-style ecosystem of independent service providers that promotes specific agile organisation principles and practice-patterns. This Memorandum is to confirm the commitment of the two to interoperate for the mutual benefit of all members. READMORE 
> In 2018 each will offer the following benefits:
>
> 1. XA extends partnership to BAI:
>    * 30% discount on __Practitioner Training__ for all individual BAI members.
>    * 30% discount on __Coach Training__ for all qualified individual BAI members.
>
> 2. BAI extends __Institutional Membership__ to XA:
>    * Individual membership to the __XA Stewards__
>    * 30% discount on BAI membership to all __XA Coaches and Practitioners__
>    * 30% discount code for the __Business Agility Conference__ series to all XA members
>
> 3. The senior members of both organizations will align their respective collateral to provide a consistent conceptual framework for business agility:
>    * XA will integrate with and apply BAI's __Business Agility Taxonomy__ and assessment tools as they become available.
>    * BAI will link to or integrate XA __Practice Pattern Languages__ into the Institute knowledge base under an open content license
>
> Issued jointly this 27 January 2018 by Evan Leybourn and Peter Merel on behalf of __XSCALE Alliance__ and the __Business Agility Institute__.
